Lenient with accident moves in inspectin. (#28)
CarterKoala/wca-regulations-wrc: wca-regulations.md

        - A3b4) When 12 seconds of inspection have elapsed, the judge calls "12 SECONDS".
        - A3b5) The judge stops timing inspection as soon as the competitor lifts their hands and starts the timer (see [Regulation A4d](regulations:regulation:A4d)).
    - A3c) The competitor may pick up the puzzle during inspection.

>         - A3c1) The competitor must not apply moves or intentional changes in alignment during inspection. Penalty: disqualification of the attempt (DNF). Exception: see [Regulation A3c2](regulations:regulation:A3c2) , [Regulation A3c5](regulations:regulation:A3c5) and  [Regulation A3c6](regulations:regulation:A3c6).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - A3c1) The competitor must not apply any move or make any intentional change in alignment during inspection. Penalty: disqualification of the attempt (DNF). Exception: see [Regulation A3c2](regulations:regulation:A3c2), [Regulation A3c5](regulations:regulation:A3c5) and [Regulation A3c6](regulations:regulation:A3c6).
```
Proofreading changes, plus change to single rather than plural (multiple would be very rare).

        - A3c2) If the parts of the puzzle are not fully aligned when the cover is removed, then the competitor may align the faces, as long as misalignments stay within the limits of [Regulation 10f](regulations:regulation:10f).
        - A3c3) The competitor may reset the timer before the start of the solve.
        - A3c4) For Square-1, if the use of a thin object inside the puzzle has been enforced by the organization team (see [Regulation A2b1](regulations:regulation:A2b1)), the competitor may remove the object from the puzzle during inspection.
        - A3c5) For Square-1, the competitor should not be penalized for any accidental move made within the limits of [Regulation 10f](regulations:regulation:10f).

>         - A3c6) If moves are applied by the competitiors by accident, a time penalty (+2 seconds) may be assigned instead, at the discretion of the judge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - A3c6) If any accidental move is applied by the competitor, a time penalty (+2 seconds) may be assigned instead of a disqualification, at the discretion of the judge.
```
Proofreading, switch to singular, align phrasing with A3c5.
